Changes to team charter, plus some de-duplication and correction (#301)
UKHO/docs: quality-assurance/test-strategy.md

We suggest that all teams using automation should adhere to these principles:

* New functionality must be covered by passing automated tests (unless there is a legitimate reason not to).
* Test design patterns and principles should be used.
* Tests should be used at the optimum level of the test pyramid – lower is better.

> * All functional code must have accompanying unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All functional code must have accompanying unit tests.
```

Author: Thanks. Fixed.

* All API development must have accompanying API tests
* Testing at the UI level should be limited to a small number tests where possible

> * There must be a compelling reason to use a gherkin-based layer ( see [specific guidance](specflow-cucumber.md) )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There must be a compelling reason to use a gherkin-based layer (see [specific guidance](executable-specifications.md))
```

Author: Thanks.  Fixed.

* Test code must be treated with the same care and attention as production code (including pairing on writing)
* The team will maintain their automated test suite (test content, relevance and code quality) to ensure it adds maximum value
* All tests should be independent of each other.

### Manual Scripted

* Manual scripted testing should only be used when automation is not deemed the best approach (e.g. too costly, not feasible, not applicable).
* Tests will be created using appropriate test design techniques, e.g. risk based, decision tables, boundary values analysis.
* The team will decide on where these manual tests will be stored and maintained; Azure DevOps is preferred.

### Exploratory

> * Exploratory testing should be used to verify quality in addition to regular automated and manual scripted testing (see [specific guidance](exploratory-testing.md) ).

Reviewer 2: Exploratory testing should be used to verify quality in addition to regular automated and manual scripted testing (see [specific guidance](exploratory-testing.md)).

Extra space before last )

Author: Fixed
